Showcase pydata-sphinx-theme (#6714)
scikit-image/scikit-image: doc/source/index.rst

scikit-image's documentation
============================

**Date**: |today|, **Version**: |version|

Welcome! `scikit-image`_ is an image processing toolbox which builds on
`numpy`_, `scipy.ndimage`_ and other libraries to provide a versatile set of
image processing routines in `Python`_.

.. _scikit-image: https://scikit-image.org
.. _numpy: https://numpy.org
.. _scipy.ndimage: https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/ndimage.html
.. _Python: https://www.python.org

.. grid:: 2

>     :gutter: 4

Author: > I prefer our previous landing page: it made it very easy to get to where you needed to be without any noise. Now, there's a lot of text to parse first, and the options are reduced. WDYT? -- @stefanv 

For the same reason I tried to reduce the number of shortcuts. I think a few don't necessarily have to be top-level. This is my initial suggestion at a compromise between what we had previously and what SciPy, and NumPy are using.

However, I there is probably room for improvement! I'll see if I can come up with something that makes everyone happy. 

In the end personal taste factors into this heavily. I think there are a few places were a bit of attention would make it a lot easier to find relevant information and it's really tempting to go for it. But I'm happy to keep keep this PR more focused on the theme for now. :wink:

scikit-image's documentation
============================

**Date**: |today|, **Version**: |version|

Welcome! `scikit-image`_ is an image processing toolbox which builds on
`numpy`_, `scipy.ndimage`_ and other libraries to provide a versatile set of
image processing routines in `Python`_. Our project and community is guided by
the :doc:`about/code_of_conduct`.

.. _scikit-image: https://scikit-image.org
.. _numpy: https://numpy.org
.. _scipy.ndimage: https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/ndimage.html
.. _Python: https://www.python.org

Quick links
-----------

.. grid:: 2
    :gutter: 3

    .. grid-item-card:: :octicon:`rocket` Get started
        :link: user_guide/install
        :link-type: any

        New to scikit-image? Start with our installation guide and scikit-image's key
        concepts.

    .. grid-item-card:: :octicon:`image` Examples
        :link: auto_examples/index
        :link-type: any

>         Browse our gallery of introductory generic and domain-specific examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Browse our gallery of entry-level and domain-specific examples.
```
